[SDK-5974] [BD-5080] Banner Properties (#10172)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/banners/creating_placements.md

- While the composer allows you to preview Banners in different dimensions, that information isn't saved or sent to the SDK.
- The HTML will take up the full width of the container it's rendered in.
- We recommend making a fixed dimension element and testing those dimensions in composer.

### Accessing properties {#accessing-properties}

To access the properties of a banner, use one of the following methods depending on the type you defined in the dashboard.

> If a property you referenced does not exist, these methods will return `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no such property of the corresponding type for the key you provided, these methods will return `null`.
```

{% tabs %}
{% tab Swift %}

```swift
// Passes the specified banner to the completion handler

> AppDelegate.braze?.banners.getBanner(for: "placement_id_homepage_top") { banner in

Author: This feels somewhat awkward, but also it is the simplest way of getting a banner, right?

Reviewer: Unless I'm missing something, this is the _only_ way to get a Banner, so I think this should be sufficient.

Author: Yeah. I guess I should have that I felt weird calling all the API methods within the completion handler instead, but doing something like assigning the banner to a variable from the calling scope and then like asynchronously waiting for it to not be nil or something would obviously be way more complicated.
